# Deep-Learning-Words-Generator
This is a Recurrent Neural Network which is able to read a text file, analyze and train itself to understand the text. Finally, if you feed it some input (words), it will try to answer you (generating words) based on what it understood from the text.

# Visualization
Please click on the file "words_generator.ipynb" to visualize more code & results.

# Sample
Here are some outputs after running the code:

iter 19000, loss: 39.414997
----
 Gregory continuously moving a few air and moved about on the floor, the door and stood up in the United States and distribution of the lady half of the full terms of drawers. "God in the way that was something that she had been sleeping at all. This Web site and how his father and was certainly not everything really did not have been good to get the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and employees and reported to be at home in a way, and the copyright lady not copy, a life it was a travelling salesman - it was a travelling salesman - and above it was a better than the rest of the living room being moved about for four o'clock as if he did not want to get rid of it. He hurried out absolutely everything that he was not possible for months, and the paleness of the head. But the maid had been left for him to the chief clerk is a registered trademark. terms of a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and then would you have expected to be at all the door, and then he had been in the table hand, he was able to do by the 
----
iter 19100, loss: 38.692061
----
 Gregory try to get over the chief clerk has been using and the condition was not possible for him to stay in bed and the rest of the staff, in the kitchen. It was a little bit of course, the chief clerk is here." "Yes, I know", said his body out of the bed - he had been able to get up. I'm still in the flat was a sign of this file or 1.E.9. 1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for the chance to see him?", and he was glad when he would not have to get out of the bed, but he was no longer sure that was something that I'm quite alright last he was already in the evening meal, and he would think of no way of the chief clerk, "I hope it's not be used to the chief clerk too; you in the United States without paying any fees or limitation of certain types of damages. If you didn't let the end of his body eventually followed slowly for his parents and took him now with it, but then they would have been difficult for him to think of any other than the chief clerk 
----
iter 19200, loss: 38.709110
----
 Gregory until then he had been quite hard, and he called towards the chief clerk, "I hope it's not only remained there even making him well and perhaps his head were in some other hand, he was still a neighbour like this." And he is the chest of drawers was something that he had been in some way of the chief clerk seemed, unfortunately, did not have to try that later on, of course, but the door to the entrance hall that he was not enough to see him much more than the other foods on the spot. And she could not be held out of the bed Gregor's father continued to speak through the chief clerk in the next room, "he's turning the key." Gregor did not want to get rid of it. That's when he was already in the doorway without a human room was already at the floor. He did not be held out in the doorway. The cleaner came in the kitchen, as a brown fluid came in the next room and his sister would sometimes ask for hours as well as he caused by the chief clerk seemed, unfortunately, to the door of the chief clerk, 
----
iter 19300, loss: 38.663422
----
 Gregory and the locksmith he had been dozing - and the chief clerk had stayed there on the past seven and some of them and the three gentlemen stepped out of the nice they allowed to him, as he did not understand very slowly. If Gregor had pulled open the bedroom but he had been better of the narrow street was enveloped in the next room in some small hotel room. It was only ever mentioned as he lay there watching a little while he hurried out of the room to get rid of it. That's when he finally managed to the door and listening. There were all the time when he had been in the next room and some of them were all of the double doors had moved after all, and the maid were in his way they had been able to get up. I'm sure he had never been asleep, and the paleness of his body out of the bed and he had been suddenly overcome with humility and earn an Foundation, the trademark as he must have to re-arrange his life. For two whole days, Gregor's sister was no longer slightly with the hall, he stretched himself. 
----
iter 19400, loss: 38.929047
----
 Gregory could be heard hitting the table and slipped out again she had been forgotten about. "Where is that he was covered in the next rooms, and some receipt or document from the room and pressed himself against the bedroom but they had been very enviable, consisting of the first good news that he had been dozing - and all the new arrangement. For the room and waited. Gregor's father was not enough to get over to the conservatory but then she gave himself out the room, and then would be seen that he was open and the first day had not even touched it was even though it was not a pleasant experience, and he was able to provide a life like that she was completely covered and it was only to do not keep up in the next room and the first time she had been going out of the bed, but did not have been left by the door, Gregor had to blow himself off by force; then he, too, became too on the door in the entrance hall and then closed it was too heavy for a little while the chief clerk had to be held back 
----
iter 19500, loss: 39.321388
----
 Gregory and leaving the terms of the way he had been able to get up. Gregor's sister was not a little while they had nearly carrying her chair to his left, and found himself off by Gregor as he really looked round in the kitchen. The first holiday in the doorway, one after she had not sleeping since the door to the living room being of course, he had to do the writing desk with the place with white hair that she had done her for her hands to open the room on the other side of the room - he was not enough than they had to, but without moving it was quiet, maybe that they had to be made her head to the chief clerk asked the door and he would pull it out of the bed - he was not even touched at all, and it was happening, they went back from the window at the same time. If he had not been touched in the meantime and the women were now and sent him even if he had been dozing - he could bear the surprising, the incredible pain he could not understand the habit of times 

